README.md, before:

# MySetup.co

[![Website](https://img.shields.io/website-up-down-green-red/https/mysetup.co.svg?label=mySetup.co)](https://mysetup.co/)
[![Twitter Follow](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/mysetup_co.svg?style=social&label=Follow&style=flat-square)](https://twitter.com/mysetup_co)

## Installation

In order to deploy this website on your web server:

1. `# aptitude install git apache2 php7.0 php7.0-intl php7.0-mbstring php7.0-imagick php7.0-sqlite3 phpmyadmin composer`

2.
	1. `# nano /etc/apache2/site-available/mysetup.conf`
	2. ```apacheconf
		<VirtualHost *:80>

			DocumentRoot /var/www/html/mysetup/webroot
			<Directory /var/www/html/mysetup/webroot/>
				Options FollowSymLinks
				AllowOverride All
			</Directory>

		</VirtualHost>
		```
	3. `# a2ensite mysetup`
	4. `# a2enmod expires headers rewrite`
	5. `# service apache2 restart`

3. `$ cd /var/www/html/`

4. `$ git clone https://github.com/MikeScops/mysetup.git`

5. `$ cd mysetup/`

6. `$ mkdir -p webroot/uploads/files/pics/`

7. `$ cp webroot/img/profile-default.png webroot/uploads/files/pics/profile_picture_1.png`

8. `# chown -R www-data:www-data webroot/uploads/`

9. `$ bash bin/deployment.sh`

10. Go to [http://YOUR_SERVER_IP/phpmyadmin/](http://YOUR_SERVER_IP/phpmyadmin/), and import the `config/schema/mySetup.sql` file into a new database.

11. Configure an user with required rights on this database, and set it up in the `config/app.php` file in the _Datasources_ section.

12. You're done. Go to [http://YOUR_SERVER_IP/](http://YOUR_SERVER_IP/), the page would be supposed to appear !

### Notes to developers

* Will be 'administrators' users having a `verified` value equal to `125`, AND the account with an email address and password as (`admin@admin.admin` / `adminadmin`) (which cannot be verified...).

* If you wanna add a translation for a foreign language, just add _default.po_ / _default.mo_ and _core.po_ / _core.mo_ files into `src/Locale/xx_XX/`, and authorize this new locale in `src/Application.php`. In order to extract the strings from the source code, and edit them with _Poedit_, just follow this scenario :
	
	> [user@localhost:/var/www/html/mysetup]$ **bin/cake i18n extract**  
	>  
	> Welcome to CakePHP v3.4.7 Console  
	> \---------------------------------------------------------------  
	> App : src  
	> Path: /var/www/html/mysetup/src/  
	> PHP : 7.0.19-1  
	> \---------------------------------------------------------------  
	> Current paths: None  
	> What is the path you would like to extract?  
	> [Q]uit [D]one  
	> [/var/www/html/mysetup/src/] >   
	>  
	> Current paths: /var/www/html/mysetup/src/  
	> What is the path you would like to extract?  
	> [Q]uit [D]one  
	> [D] >   
	>  
	> Would you like to extract the messages from the CakePHP core? (y/n)  
	> [n] > **y**  
	> What is the path you would like to output?  
	> [Q]uit  
	> [/var/www/html/mysetup/src/Locale] >  
	>  
	> Would you like to merge all domain strings into the default.pot file? (y/n)   
	> [n] >  
	>  
	>  
	> Extracting...  
	> \---------------------------------------------------------------  
	> Paths:  
	> /var/www/html/mysetup/src/  
	> /var/www/html/mysetup/vendor/cakephp/cakephp/src/  
	> Output Directory: /var/www/html/mysetup/src/Locale/  
	> \---------------------------------------------------------------  
	> ==========================================================================> 100%  
	> Done.

Commit message:

Fixes a wrong piece of information about deployment script & Doc

README.md, after:

# mySetup.co

[![Website](https://img.shields.io/website-up-down-green-red/https/mysetup.co.svg?label=mySetup.co)](https://mysetup.co/)
[![Twitter Follow](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/mysetup_co.svg?style=social&label=Follow&style=flat-square)](https://twitter.com/mysetup_co)

## Installation

In order to deploy this website on your web server :

1. `# aptitude install git apache2 php7.0 php7.0-intl php7.0-mbstring php7.0-imagick php7.0-sqlite3 phpmyadmin composer`

2.
	1. `# nano /etc/apache2/site-available/mysetup.conf`
	2. ```apacheconf
		<VirtualHost *:80>

			DocumentRoot /var/www/html/mysetup/webroot
			<Directory /var/www/html/mysetup/webroot/>
				Options FollowSymLinks
				AllowOverride All
			</Directory>

		</VirtualHost>
		```
	3. `# a2ensite mysetup`
	4. `# a2enmod expires headers rewrite`
	5. `# service apache2 restart`

3. `$ cd /var/www/html/`

4. `$ git clone https://github.com/MikeScops/mysetup.git`

5. `$ cd mysetup/`

6. `$ mkdir -p webroot/uploads/files/pics/`

7. `$ cp webroot/img/profile-default.png webroot/uploads/files/pics/profile_picture_1.png`

8. `# chown -R www-data:www-data webroot/uploads/`

9. `$ bash bin/deployment.sh`

10. Go to [http://YOUR_SERVER_IP/phpmyadmin/](http://YOUR_SERVER_IP/phpmyadmin/), and import the `config/schema/mySetup.sql` file into a new database.

11. Configure an user with required rights on this database, and set it up in the `config/app.php` file in the _Datasources_ section.

12. You're done. Go to [http://YOUR_SERVER_IP/](http://YOUR_SERVER_IP/), the page would be supposed to appear !

### Notes to developers

* Will be 'administrators' users having a `verified` value equal to `125`, AND the account with an email address and password as (`admin@admin.admin` / `adminadmin`) (which cannot be verified...).

* If you want to bump vendor packages version :
    1. Execute `$ composer update` during development
    2. Run some tests
    3. Commit the `composer.lock` changes
    4. Deploy normally on the production with `$ bash bin/deployment.sh`

* If you wanna add a translation for a foreign language, just add _default.po_ / _default.mo_ and _core.po_ / _core.mo_ files into `src/Locale/xx_XX/`, and authorize this new locale in `src/Application.php`. In order to extract the strings from the source code, and edit them with _Poedit_, just follow this scenario :
	
	> [user@localhost:/var/www/html/mysetup]$ **bin/cake i18n extract**  
	>  
	> Welcome to CakePHP v3.4.7 Console  
	> \---------------------------------------------------------------  
	> App : src  
	> Path: /var/www/html/mysetup/src/  
	> PHP : 7.0.19-1  
	> \---------------------------------------------------------------  
	> Current paths: None  
	> What is the path you would like to extract?  
	> [Q]uit [D]one  
	> [/var/www/html/mysetup/src/] >   
	>  
	> Current paths: /var/www/html/mysetup/src/  
	> What is the path you would like to extract?  
	> [Q]uit [D]one  
	> [D] >   
	>  
	> Would you like to extract the messages from the CakePHP core? (y/n)  
	> [n] > **y**  
	> What is the path you would like to output?  
	> [Q]uit  
	> [/var/www/html/mysetup/src/Locale] >  
	>  
	> Would you like to merge all domain strings into the default.pot file? (y/n)   
	> [n] >  
	>  
	>  
	> Extracting...  
	> \---------------------------------------------------------------  
	> Paths:  
	> /var/www/html/mysetup/src/  
	> /var/www/html/mysetup/vendor/cakephp/cakephp/src/  
	> Output Directory: /var/www/html/mysetup/src/Locale/  
	> \---------------------------------------------------------------  
	> ==========================================================================> 100%  
	> Done.
